Add DR virtualization scenario (#3615)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/assembly_disaster-recovery-by-virtualizing-your-projectserver.adoc

> include::modules/con_disaster-recovery-by-virtualizing-your-project-server.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::modules/con_disaster-recovery-by-virtualizing-your-projectserver.adoc[]
```

Suggestion (non-blocking): Align the file name to the assembly/all other files in this assembly.
